Readme update (#639)
HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo: README.md

# qoqo

[![Documentation Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-read-blue)](https://hqsquantumsimulations.github.io/qoqo/)
![GitHub Workflow Status](https://github.com/HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo/actions/workflows/hqs-ci-test-rust-pyo3.yml/badge.svg)
[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/qoqo)](https://pypi.org/project/qoqo/)
[![PyPI - Format](https://img.shields.io/pypi/format/qoqo)](https://pypi.org/project/qoqo/)
[![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/roqoqo)](https://crates.io/crates/qoqo)
![Crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/l/qoqo)

**qoqo** is a toolkit to represent quantum circuits by [HQS Quantum Simulations](https://quantumsimulations.de). The name “qoqo” stands for “Quantum Operation Quantum Operation,” making use of [reduplication](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Reduplication). 

> For a detailed introduction see the [user documentation](https://hqsquantumsimulations.github.io/qoqo_examples/) and the [qoqo examples repository](https://github.com/HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo_examples).

Reviewer: I suspect this link needs to be updated, could you check whether the normal qoqo link is also valid?

* A set of optional interfaces to devices, simulators and toolkits (e.g. [qoqo_quest](https://github.com/HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo-quest), [qoqo_qiskit](https://github.com/HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo-qiskit), [qoqo_for_braket](https://github.com/HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo-for-braket), [qoqo_iqm](https://github.com/HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo_iqm)).

<img src="./documentation/src/images/Introduction_Graphics.png" alt="qoqo" width="70%">

What qoqo is **not**:

* A decomposer translating circuits to a specific set of gates
* A quantum circuit optimizer
* A collection of quantum algorithms

If you are looking for a comprehensive package that integrates all these features, we invite you to explore our [HQStage](https://cloud.quantumsimulations.de/) software.

This repository contains two components:

* qoqo: the python interface to roqoqo, described here.
* roqoqo: the core rust library. Further details are provided in the individual README file [here](./roqoqo/README_roqoqo.md).

## Installation

On Linux, macOS and Windows on x86 precompiled packages can be found on PyPi and installed via

```shell
pip install qoqo
```

> If no pre-built python wheel is available for your architecture you can install qoqo from the source distribution using a rust toolchain as described [here](./qoqo/README_qoqo.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no pre-built python wheel is available for your architecture, you can install qoqo from the source distribution using a rust toolchain as described [here](./qoqo/README_qoqo.md).
```

## Create your first circuit in qoqo

> The following code snippet can be used to create your first circuit in qoqo. For an expanded collection of **examples** please see the jupyter notebooks in the extra repository [qoqo_examples](https://github.com/HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo_examples). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following code snippet can be used to create your first circuit in qoqo. For an expanded collection of **examples** please see the jupyter notebooks in the [qoqo_examples](https://github.com/HQSquantumsimulations/qoqo_examples) repository. 
```

We welcome contributions to the project. If you want to contribute code, please have a look at CONTRIBUTE.md for our code contribution guidelines.

In order to facilitate the contribution of the addition of a new gate, please also have a look at add_new_gate.md to read a quick explanation of the main steps necessary.

## Citation

> If you use **qoqo**, please cite by including the URL of this github repository or as per the provided BibTeX entry:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use **qoqo**, please cite it by including the URL of this github repository, or using the provided BibTeX entry:
```
